Hi, everyone.
In this letter, we're going to talk about default binding.
All right, so the default binding is going to be our last and fourth and last way of calling functions.
All right.
And the default binding.
As our fallback if none of the other three methods or other three ways they worked, OK, this is called
default binding because we are not calling it this is not implicit binding, OK?
It is not like this movie.
Funk is being called upon as a method of an object.
It is not an explicit binding because we are not using that call or apply.
It is also not we are also not using the new keyword.
So it should be the default binding.
Now, if I were to save this code, what do you think is going to is going to be printed inside the
console?
And for that, I'm going to zoom in a bit inside the console and I'm going to make it a bit bigger as
well, because we need to see this.
All right.
So let's first off go over the code, what we have and let's predict what is going to happen.
So here we have a variable called movie and the value is Rush.
And then we have a function that says movie function and we have a movie description parameter.
We have a console like this movie.
So whenever we have a this key word inside a function, that function automatically is called a this
aware function.
All right.
So this is this our function?
This is also at this hour, a function.
The name of this function is other movie func.
The differences that we are using strict mode inside this function.
We are calling the movie func here with an argument and the other movie funkier with an argument.
So if I were to save this, what is going to happen?
OK, remember what happens at compile time, what happens in runtime?
I'm not going to go over the compile time, but I'm going to go over the runtime.
What is going to happen at the execution time?
What is the execution engine or the PVM is going to do?
All right.
So whenever when we when we call this function here, this function gets invoked and inside here we
have a console lock.
Now, this console is there is no reference inside this function.
So lexically this console is going to go up.
And then when we do know that this movie description is going to come right from here, this is not
what I'm talking about.
I'm talking about this third movie.
So what where is this movie going to point at?
Because this console lock is going to come out of it.
It is going to point out this global variable.
The reason for that is because the call site is the global scope.
So it is going to refer to this global variable and this global variable has a value of rush.
So for this this movie we are going to see Rush is a racing movie.
Right.
So I'm just going to go ahead and come in this one out and I'm going to save it.
So we do get that from line number four.
So what if what happens if I do this now?
Keep in mind, this function is in strict mode.
So in strict mode, we are invoking a function which is this aware without providing it with any this.
So what do you think is going to happen here?
So we don't have any this and we don't have any this context for this function.
We don't know what this this is going to point at.
And we are in this strict mode, so we should see something go wrong.
Right.
So if I save it, we can see that it it says says it says Oncotype Error Cannot read property movie
of undefined ad line number nine and line number fourteen.
So this is line number nine and this is line number 14.
Why do we give that?
Because specifically in strict mode, when you invoke a function with no other this bindings, the default
behavior is to leave this undefined.
All right.
So now what we are going to do is what we have is we are we are trying to access a property on an undefined
value, which is a type error.
I'm going to say this again.
We are trying to access a property on an undefined value, which is a type error.
It is, because it's almost certainly an error on our part to define a this our function and invoke
it without any this, this, that.
Now, this is a terrible idea that's almost as bad as Accra's Auto creating Global's, which nobody
would ever do right now.
You should always keep in mind that whenever you're invoking a function, even if it is not in the strict
mode, you should provide it in this binding or in this context.
What is this pointing at?
You should at least have the clue of what this this is going to point to now in the non strict or so-called
sloppy mode in here.
Right.
It end up it ends up using the global object, which is almost never what you want.
OK, and again, in exactly the same way, that's almost never the case that you want to create.
Order IDEAglobal.
OK, but Strich Mode fixes that up for us and it says, hey, you made an error and now we know how
we can fix this error.
OK, now one last thing is the error is not that we are doing this dot reference the error.
Keep this in mind.
You should notice the error is that we are invoking a function without providing it with a this binding
within this context.
OK, we need to use one of the other three methods, either use the new keyword or use the call or apply
or use the context object.
OK, so there we go.
Four ways to invoke function.
Those are the only four ways, by the way.
OK, that said, just these four words, there is no other way that you can invoke a function that is
that said, OK, that's all you need to learn to be able to understand how the this key word gets bound.
And now let's go ahead and reset our mind back.
The question that we want to answer is, if we have a this aware function, how do we know what the
this keyword is going to point out?
OK.
Now, we want we want to assume that by just looking at the function, we can find that out.
But now, after all these four lectures, we know there is no way we can we can we can know for sure
what the this keyword is going to point out by just looking at the function.
We need to look at the call site.
I cannot stress this enough.
We need to look at the site.
And after that, when we get to the call site, we should know how the function is being called, because
every time it gets called, the how of the call controls what the this keyword will point at.
OK, and lastly, the last thing that I want to discuss when it comes to function calls it is the.
Binding precedents, so binding press dence, think it is DNC or DNC?
I'm not sure about that.
So what do you think?
If we have all these four methods, which one is going to take precedence?
That's what I want to write in here.
So the first method that that the first way is going to take, which is going to take precedence.
I'm just going to create a multiline comment.
The first one is going to be the new key word.
This is going to have the higher priority.
And number two, we are going to have our call.
Slash, appli, slash binde, where is the parentheses for this one spot right here and finally bind
and our third and final way is going to be a context object.
So in case you're wondering about the binding precedents and finally, OK.
And that is pretty obvious.
That is the default binding.
Binding.
Default binding.
So in case you're wondering about the binding precedents, we have the new key word which has the higher
precedence and then the court the this is not called.
This is not count.
This is not see, assess.
And then we have context object.
And finally, we have the default binding.
OK, just that set just these four rules, OK?
And this is in this specific order.
Right.
And it will perfectly and completely answer every question you may have about what does the this keyword
point it.
That's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.